_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## Welcome!

I am a mathematician (PhD) specialising in stochastic analysis and control theory, game and decision theory, financial mathematics, and environmental economics. With international academic experience at TU Berlin, University of Oxford, ENS de Lyon, and Uni Freiburg, I combine rigorous theoretical research with practical applications in finance, economics, and policy making. Currently part of the Stochastics and Financial Mathematics group at TU Berlin, led by <a href="https://www3.math.tu-berlin.de/stoch/wp_bank/">Professor Dr Peter Bank</a>, I am interested in leveraging mathematics to understand and solve strategic problems under complex dynamics and uncertainty and to support better decision making in finance, economics, and beyond.

To get an idea of my academic <a href="/research">**research**</a>, click <a href="https://doi.org/10.14279/depositonce-24410">here</a> and take a look at my doctoral dissertation, including a preface for non-experts and experts alike. Click <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/files\On_the_Foundations_of_Dynamic_Games_and_Probability__Decision_Making_in_Stochastic_Extensive_Form.pdf">here</a> to read the slides for the 30-minute talk at my doctoral defence, which provides an overview of the dissertation.
<!--<embed src="{{ site.baseurl }}/files\On_the_Foundations_of_Dynamic_Games_and_Probability__Decision_Making_in_Stochastic_Extensive_Form.pdf" width="600" height="700" type='application/pdf'> -->

I obtained the degree <em>Dr. rer. nat.</em> in Mathematics at Technische Universität Berlin and within the <a href="https://www3.math.tu-berlin.de/stoch/IRTG/">Berlin-Oxford International Research Training Group 2544 "Stochastic Analysis in Interaction"</a>, a certified unit of the <a href="https://www.math-berlin.de/">Berlin Mathematical School</a>, and advised by <a href="https://www.stochasticcontrol.org">Professor Dr Christoph Knochenhauer</a>. Before this, I have studied in Oxford, Berlin, Lyon (ENS), and Freiburg, and obtained the degree <em>Master of Science</em> in Mathematics in Lyon.

The second main pillar of my academic activity is <a href="/teaching">**teaching**</a>. I have taught mainly in courses on Probability Theory, Financial Mathematics, and Analysis, mostly for pure Mathematics programmes, but also for Business Mathematics and Engineering programmes.

## News

* 12th September 2025: I presented my doctoral dissertation at the <a href="">Informal Systems Seminar</a> at <a href="https://www.gerad.ca/fr">Groupe d'études et de recherche en analyse des décisions</a> in Montréal, Canada.
* 24th July 2025: I successfully defended my doctoral dissertation at TU Berlin, Fakultät II. The jury members were Professores Dres Max Klimm (chair), Christoph Knochenhauer (supervisor), and Frank Riedel (Universität Bielefeld, Center for Mathematical Economics (IMW) Bielefeld). 
* 24th June 2025: I presented the third chapter of my doctoral dissertation on "Stochastic process forms in vertically extended continuous time" at the <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/amamef2025/home">12th General AMaMeF Conference</a> held at the Dipartimento di Scienze Economiche at Università degli Studi di Verona. The talk was entitled "Stochastic differential games as extensive form approximations". The doctoral project was supervised by Christoph Knochenhauer.
* 3rd June 2025: I submitted my doctoral dissertation at TU Berlin, Fakultät II, entitled "On the Foundations of Dynamic Games and Probability: Decision Making in Stochastic Extensive Form".
* 16th May 2025: I presented my work at the <a href="https://www.uni-bielefeld.de/forschung/profil/fokusbereiche/quamu/index.xml">Quantifying and Managing Uncertainty</a> Research Seminar at the <a href="https://www.uni-bielefeld.de/zwe/imw/">Center for Mathematical Economics (Institut für Mathematische Wirtschaftsforschung IMW)</a>, Bielefeld.

Commit message:

Added team work and organisational skill in "Welcome", swapped "economics" and "finance"

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## Welcome!

I am a mathematician (PhD) specialising in stochastic analysis and control theory, game and decision theory, financial mathematics, and environmental economics. With international academic experience at TU Berlin, University of Oxford, ENS de Lyon, and Uni Freiburg, I combine rigorous theoretical research with practical applications in finance, economics, and policy making. Currently part of the Stochastics and Financial Mathematics group at TU Berlin, led by <a href="https://www3.math.tu-berlin.de/stoch/wp_bank/">Professor Dr Peter Bank</a>, and experienced in team work and organisational tasks, I am passionate about leveraging mathematics to understand and solve strategic problems under complex dynamics and uncertainty and to support better decision making in economics, finance, and beyond.

To get an idea of my academic <a href="/research">**research**</a>, click <a href="https://doi.org/10.14279/depositonce-24410">here</a> and take a look at my doctoral dissertation, including a preface for non-experts and experts alike. Click <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/files\On_the_Foundations_of_Dynamic_Games_and_Probability__Decision_Making_in_Stochastic_Extensive_Form.pdf">here</a> to read the slides for the 30-minute talk at my doctoral defence, which provides an overview of the dissertation.
<!--<embed src="{{ site.baseurl }}/files\On_the_Foundations_of_Dynamic_Games_and_Probability__Decision_Making_in_Stochastic_Extensive_Form.pdf" width="600" height="700" type='application/pdf'> -->

I obtained the degree <em>Dr. rer. nat.</em> in Mathematics at Technische Universität Berlin and within the <a href="https://www3.math.tu-berlin.de/stoch/IRTG/">Berlin-Oxford International Research Training Group 2544 "Stochastic Analysis in Interaction"</a>, a certified unit of the <a href="https://www.math-berlin.de/">Berlin Mathematical School</a>, and advised by <a href="https://www.stochasticcontrol.org">Professor Dr Christoph Knochenhauer</a>. Before this, I have studied in Oxford, Berlin, Lyon (ENS), and Freiburg, and obtained the degree <em>Master of Science</em> in Mathematics in Lyon.

The second main pillar of my academic activity is <a href="/teaching">**teaching**</a>. I have taught mainly in courses on Probability Theory, Financial Mathematics, and Analysis, mostly for pure Mathematics programmes, but also for Business Mathematics and Engineering programmes.

## News

* 12th September 2025: I presented my doctoral dissertation at the <a href="">Informal Systems Seminar</a> at <a href="https://www.gerad.ca/fr">Groupe d'études et de recherche en analyse des décisions</a> in Montréal, Canada.
* 24th July 2025: I successfully defended my doctoral dissertation at TU Berlin, Fakultät II. The jury members were Professores Dres Max Klimm (chair), Christoph Knochenhauer (supervisor), and Frank Riedel (Universität Bielefeld, Center for Mathematical Economics (IMW) Bielefeld). 
* 24th June 2025: I presented the third chapter of my doctoral dissertation on "Stochastic process forms in vertically extended continuous time" at the <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/amamef2025/home">12th General AMaMeF Conference</a> held at the Dipartimento di Scienze Economiche at Università degli Studi di Verona. The talk was entitled "Stochastic differential games as extensive form approximations". The doctoral project was supervised by Christoph Knochenhauer.
* 3rd June 2025: I submitted my doctoral dissertation at TU Berlin, Fakultät II, entitled "On the Foundations of Dynamic Games and Probability: Decision Making in Stochastic Extensive Form".
* 16th May 2025: I presented my work at the <a href="https://www.uni-bielefeld.de/forschung/profil/fokusbereiche/quamu/index.xml">Quantifying and Managing Uncertainty</a> Research Seminar at the <a href="https://www.uni-bielefeld.de/zwe/imw/">Center for Mathematical Economics (Institut für Mathematische Wirtschaftsforschung IMW)</a>, Bielefeld.
