_pages/research.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Research"
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
---

## Research interests

* Game and decision theory
* Stochastic control theory
* Financial mathematics
* Environmental economics

## Work in progress

1. Stochastic process forms in vertically extended continuous time
2. Action-inertia stochastic extensive forms
3. Markovian timing games
4. On climate policy choice when investing green is a real option game

## Preprints

1. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Decision making in stochastic extensive form II: Stochastic extensive forms and games, Preprint, November 2024. DOI: 10.48550/arXiv.2411.17587. Available on <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.17587">arXiv</a> / <a href="https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=5034909">SSRN</a>.
2. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Decision making in stochastic extensive form I: Stochastic decision forests, Preprint, Version 2, November 2024. DOI: 10.48550/arXiv.2404.12332. Available on <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.12332v2">arXiv</a> / <a href="https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=4799573">SSRN</a>. Version 1 was made available in April 2024.

## Doctoral dissertation and theses

1. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, On the Foundations of Dynamic Games and Probability: Decision Making in Stochastic Extensive Form, doctoral dissertation submitted at TU Berlin, Fakultät II, 2025.
2. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Quelques aspects du théorème G.A.G.A. d'un point de vue L², mémoire de M2 (second year Master thesis), E.N.S. de Lyon, 2017.
3. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Décomposition de Hodge et Uniformisation, mémoire de M1 (first year Master thesis), E.N.S. de Lyon, 2016.
4. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Eine Verallgemeinerung des Eguchi-Hanson-Metrik, Bachelor thesis, Universität Freiburg, 2015.

Commit message:

added arXiv link dissertation + dissertation slides

_pages/research.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Research"
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
---

## Doctoral dissertation

My doctoral dissertation is "On the Foundations of Dynamic Games and Probability: Decision Making in Stochastic Extensive Form". Click <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/2508.04752">here</a> to download it, including a preface for non-experts and experts alike. See <embed src="{{ site.baseurl }}/files\On_the_Foundations_of_Dynamic_Games_and_Probability__Decision_Making_in_Stochastic_Extensive_Form.pdf" width="600" height="700" type='application/pdf'> for the slides of my defence.

## Research interests

* Game and decision theory
* Stochastic control theory
* Financial mathematics
* Environmental economics

## Work in progress

1. Continuous-time portfolio optimisation
2. Action-inertia stochastic extensive forms
3. Markovian timing games
4. On climate policy choice when investing green is a real option game

## Preprints

1. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Decision making in stochastic extensive form II: Stochastic extensive forms and games, Preprint, November 2024. DOI: 10.48550/arXiv.2411.17587. Available on <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.17587">arXiv</a> / <a href="https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=5034909">SSRN</a>.
2. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Decision making in stochastic extensive form I: Stochastic decision forests, Preprint, Version 2, November 2024. DOI: 10.48550/arXiv.2404.12332. Available on <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.12332v2">arXiv</a> / <a href="https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=4799573">SSRN</a>. Version 1 was made available in April 2024.

## Doctoral dissertation and theses

1. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, On the Foundations of Dynamic Games and Probability: Decision Making in Stochastic Extensive Form, doctoral dissertation, TU Berlin, 2025. Available on <a href="https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2508.04752">arXiv</a>.
2. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Quelques aspects du théorème G.A.G.A. d'un point de vue L², mémoire de M2 (second year Master thesis), E.N.S. de Lyon, 2017.
3. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Décomposition de Hodge et Uniformisation, mémoire de M1 (first year Master thesis), E.N.S. de Lyon, 2016.
4. Rapsch, E. Emanuel, Eine Verallgemeinerung des Eguchi-Hanson-Metrik, Bachelor thesis, Universität Freiburg, 2015.
